\section{Computational Problem}
The Longest Common Subsequence (LCS) problem is common to
bioinformatics and a classic in computer science.  The problem is one
in which given two sequences $X=<x_1,x_2,\cdots,x_m>$ and
$Y=<y_1,y_2,\cdots,y_n>$ we attempt to find the maximum-length common
subsequences of $X$ and $Y$. A subsequence is not the same as a
substring (subsequences do not need to be consecutive in the
string). Given the string $X=<x_1,x_2,\cdots,x_m>$, string
$Z=<z_1,z_2,\cdots,z_k>$ is then a subsequence of $X$ if there is a
strictly increasing sequence $<i_1,i_2,\cdots,i_k>$ of indices of $X$
such that for all $j=1,2,\cdots,k$ we have $x_{i_j} = z_j$
\cite{cormen01}.

This problem is commonly encountered in bioinformatics in the
comparison of DNA which is represented by the four DNA bases adenine,
guanine, cytosine, and thymine represented relatively by the letters
${A,C,G,T}$. This results in strings that are a combination of these
letters representing an organism's DNA sequence. These sequences are
typically very long in length resulting in a computationally intensive
problem.

A subset of the LCS problem is the longest common subsequence length
problem, where the length of the longest common subsequence is
determined, and not the actual sequence string. The length of the
longest common subsequence string is used as a metirc for determining
the similarity between two sequences.

Parallelizing the LCS length problem results in great increases in
speed, as well as decreased memory requirements. For short sequences,
the network overhead causes the total execution time to be far greater
than the execution time of the sequential version. For longer
sequences, the parallel version greatly increases the processing
speed.

The goal of this project is to determine the speed-up of this problem
when using parallelization techniques and compare these performance
metrics with a sequential single-CPU experiment.
